How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that
was introduced?

    It helps me to see the change that generated the error and change it 
to a it has to be

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Because in the case of co-work i can see the changes that my partner 
did and check if that is correct

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google
docs does?

    The commit gives you the description of the change and where it is 
on the file while google docs only see where the change was done

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file 
separately?

    It contains more information an details about the changes and you 
can check it in one commit for multiple files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of 
files?

    As the diff command in linux terminal it can give the exact change 
or error that my file has

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that
could break something?

    Because i have an older version to compare to

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using 
Git for?

    change a lot of lines and see how accurate git is

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a 
more efficient programmer in the long term?

    To see the progress of a project in detail and if some function that 
someone did in older versions can help to the actual version of the 
project

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a coomit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically 
saved, like Google Docs does?

    The con is that you can forget to commit and when you will do it the 
commit will be too big to understand, but the pro is that you can make 
every commit understandeable to your work team and see exactly the 
changes in a efficient way

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving 
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Googgle Docs, treat 
each file separately?

    I think that it depends on the files that the system handles, Google 
Docs is only oriented to 1 single file with co-work while, Git works on 
code projects where multiple files are related each other like for a 
variable

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    In the test stage i can use to make many examples and have a record of each one if in any case after i want to use it

How migth using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Because if a have an error i can easily check the older version to find it

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    For academic projects

